The University of Washington
Pine MESSAGING SOFTWARE Distribution License

1.  GRANT.  Subject to the conditions stated below, the University of 
Washington ("UW") grants permission to the PLD Linux Distribution 
("Licensee"):  (1) to modify Pine messaging software ("the Software") in the 
ways listed on Appendix A solely in order to create a modified version of the 
Software appropriate for inclusion and integration with Licensee's PLD
Linux Distributions ("PLDs"); and (2) to distribute the Software with PLDs.

2.  CONDITIONS.  This grant of license is contingent on the following 
conditions:

2.1.  The Pine and Pico copyright and trademark notices shall appear in all 
copies.

2.2.  Both the above copyright notice and this permission notice shall appear 
in all supporting documentation for the PLD Pine distribution.

2.3.  The name of the University of Washington shall not be used in 
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the Software, or any 
PLD containing the Software, without specific, prior written permission from 
the University of Washington.

2.4.  Licensee shall note that Licenseee is distributing a modified version of 
the Software by appending the letter "N" to the current Pine software version 
number.

2.5.  Licensee shall enumerate the modifications in the integral release notes 
and associated documentation.

2.6.  Licensee shall distribute the Software only with the Pine User 
Agreement, which is attached here as Appendix B.  Alternatively, Licensee may 
create Licensee's own license that includes all the clauses as identified on 
the Pine User Agreement.

3.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  The Software is provided "as is."  THE 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH 
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL 
THE UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, 
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) 
OR STRICT LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR 
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

4.  TERMINATION RIGHTS ON BREACH.  Should Licensee be in breach of this Pine 
Distribution License, UW may terminate this license and all rights Licensee 
holds to distribute Pine shall cease.

Appendix A
List of Authorized Changes (with our comments included)

          pine-config.patch -
          changes paths to distribution specific ones, enables USE_QUOTAS,
          sets NUMDEBUGFILES to 0

          pine-makefile.patch -
          small adjustments in makefile

          pine-unix.patch -
          another small makefile adjustment

          pine-quote.patch -
          security fix

          pine-fhs.patch
          yet another makefile adjustment

          pine-segfix.patch -
          possible segmentation fault fix from rawhide.  We would like to
          know more about this.  If it really is a bug we would like to fix
          it.

      ===>**pine-L_on_version.patch -
          adds L to Pine version number
          (this must change to an "N" if this is for the PLD version,
           as specified in this license)**

          pine-libc-client.patch -
          libc-client security patch taken from Debian.  We would like to
          know more about this.  If it really is a bug we would like to fix
          it.
          ** If this is the change in rfc822.c to add a test for !i in a \015
          case, this is already fixed with a different patch (in the \012
          case which is dropped in from the \015 case).

          pine-ssl.patch -
          fixes path to openssl header filesx

          pine-non_english_man_path_fix.patch -
          changes paths in non-english doc to distribution specific ones

          pine-home_etc.patch -
          adds support for home-etc idea of keeping configuration files in a
          subdirectory specified by user, instead of his home directory

          pine-fixhome -
          The home and end keys that this patch adds are already in there.

  	  pine-doc -
          All of the path changes here are unnecessary, as those
          get changed at build-time, except for the change of
          /usr/spool to /var.  We change it to the standard /var/spool.

          pine-pwd -
          This can be done as an option to the build command, by
          setting it in EXTRACFLAGS.

          pine-terminfo -
          This changes os-lyn.h, however the file that would be used
          in a linux build is os-lnx.h.  It's safe to leave this patch out
          regardless, because we believe nothing is done with this
          particular setting anymore.

          pine-overflow -
          long ago overtaken by events.

          pine-css.patch -
          fix based on http://hico.fphil.uniba.sk/pine-patches.html,
          idea to allow save when maildir folders are in use.

          all.patch -
          All of Eduardo's patches, one of which adds maildir support.
          Eduardo's patches have not been thoroughly audited or considered
          by us, since there are so many of them.  However, there is a link
          to his patches on our web site.

Appendix B
Pine License and Legal Notices

Pine and Pico are registered trademarks of the University of Washington. No 
commercial use of these trademarks may be made without prior written 
permission of the University of Washington.

Pine, Pico, and Pilot software and its included text are Copyright 1989-2005 
by the University of Washington.

Use of Pine/Pico/Pilot: You may compile and execute these programs for any 
purpose, including commercial, without paying anything to the University of 
Washington, provided that the legal notices are maintained intact and honored.

Local modification of this release is permitted as follows, or by mutual 
agreement: In order to reduce confusion and facilitate debugging, we request 
that locally modified versions be denoted by appending the letter "L" to the 
current version number (appended in addition to the "N" which in included in 
the version number), and that the local changes be enumerated in the integral 
release notes and associated documentation.

Redistribution of this release is permitted as follows, or by mutual 
agreement:
(a) In free-of-charge or at-cost distributions by non-profit concerns;
(b) In free-of-charge distributions by for-profit concerns;
(c) Inclusion in a CD-ROM collection of free-of-charge, shareware, or 
non-proprietary software for which a fee may be charged for the packaged 
distribution.

Redistribution of binary versions is further constrained by license agreements 
for incorporated libraries from third parties, e.g. LDAP, GSSAPI.

The University of Washington encourages unrestricted distribution of 
individual patches to the Pine system. By "patches" we mean "difference" files 
that can be applied to the University of Washington Pine source distribution 
in order to accomplish bug fixes, minor enhancements, or adaptation to new 
operating systems. Submission of these patches to University of Washington for 
possible inclusion in future Pine versions is also encouraged, with the 
understanding that they would be treated the same as all other Pine code in 
terms of licensing and the submission does not include any software which 
infringes third party rights.

The above permissions are hereby granted, provided that the Pine and Pico 
copyright and trademark notices appear in all copies and that both the above 
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting 
documentation, and that the name of the University of Washington not be used 
in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without 
specific, prior written permission, and provided you acknowledge that pursuant 
to U.S. laws, Pine, Pico & Pilot software may not be downloaded, acquired or 
otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into, or to a national or resident of 
any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the 
U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nations or the U.S. 
Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders.

By downloading the software, you represent that: 1) you are not located in or 
under the control of a national or resident of any such country or on any such 
list; and 2) you will not export or re-export the software to any prohibited 
country, or to any prohibited person, entity, or end-user as specified by U.S. 
export controls.

This software is made available "as is", and

THE UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, 
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) 
OR STRICT LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR 
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Other licensing terms are available by mutual agreement.

Please see the Pine FAQ for more information on Pine Legal Issues.

End of Pine License and Legal Notices
